I get a feeling that's going to be a
riot what the hell is up everybody I
know you guys are excited about the new
map pack because i am going to be
released on februari first 2011 about
three months after they released the
game they've already broke billion
dollars so congratulations to treyarch
the first map is going to be berlin wall
the part of the map is gonna be the best
known crossing point remain east west
berlin so apparently there's a lot of
high trapped in real life and it's a
good spot to make a map copy a map off
of it's pretty good it looks like in my
point that it's going to be a snow map
I'm gonna be a lot of long distance
triarch they said each map was going to
be interactive with the player so kind
of like on radiation how the doors open
up and on launch how the missile goes
off yep well that's how these maps are
going to be they're not releasing what
it is going to be yet but who knows I'm
expecting only good things the second
map is discovered once again also looks
like a snow map they really do like
there's no matter the this game has more
snow maps than any other caught game
that I've been played it's going to be
in Antarctica it's a German Research
Center and it's been abandoned since
World War two so it's probably gonna
look like a ghost town another map that
they didn't release is the Kowloon I
can't really pronounce it my best guess
is Kowloon um it's gonna be set in
Kowloon city Hong Kong it's got to be
played on the rooftops the rainy
rooftops Gotham City um you're gonna be
able to shoot up and down so there's
going to be elevated spots of the map so
it's not just going to be a one level
math I'm guessing it's going to be like
high rise to the modern warfare 2 but
with rain so yeah
and the other map that they came out
with this stadium stadium is set in the
northeastern part of the United States
it's a complex leaf design hockey rink
so yeah those of you out there who are
big hockey fans you guys should be super
stoked about this one I'm not much of a
hockey fan myself but I am pretty still
stoked about it see they are coming out
with a fifth map but it's not going to
be available for for multiplayer it's
going to be available for its all for
those that are into zombies um I can't
really tell you much about this map
because they haven't released anything
they're trying to keep it a big secret
for the zombies
as soon as I can get better pictures or
even an inside look at the maps I will
sure to let you guys know I know it's
kind of shitty having just a picture and
not even all four before but you know I
hope you guys enjoyed learning about the
new maps because I just found out about
it and decided to let everybody else
know about it remember to have about I'd
say F 1600 microsoft point code ready
whenever the first of every comes around
because that's probably how much it's
going to cost um and it's going to be
called the first strike so yeah hope you
guys enjoyed this little clip too I just
played this game went 44 and 10 and
decided to chop it up and talk about the
maps so yep if you guys could sub to me
and sub to everybody in my sub box i
would love you guys dearly and I'm about
to finish this blunt peace out
slightly ready for deployment good job
we've defeat of power